# Jhipster Client SearchBar 
This tool add a search bar to the code generated by Jhipster.  The searchBar will works for the entity generated with the option `filter` and only for angular version.

JDL example.
````
entity Foo{

}
filter Foo
````

## Copy EntityFilter into your Project
Copy the source folder [src/www/entity_filter](https://github.com/donateoa/jhipster-client-search/tree/master/src) whenever you want inside the `src/main/webapp/app`.

## Add search bar
Once you have copied the component EntityFilter you can add the SearchBar following this  [rules](https://github.com/donateoa/jhipster-client-search/tree/master/src).
JhipsterClientSearch make the job for you. Basically it clone the original code and add the Search Bar, extending or reuse the jhipster code whenever is possible.
before run the generator create a folder where you want to save the code and add a related module.ts. Let's say you would create a folder name `search` you will have
```
app/search
app/search/search.module.ts
```
search-module.ts
````
import { CommonModule } from '@angular/common';
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
@NgModule({
    declarations: [],
    imports: [
        CommonModule
    ]
})
export class SearchPagesModule {}

````

When you run this app, you will be promped for:
- Absolute jhipster app path: the path of your jhipster project, example `~your-project-folder/src/main/webapp/app`
- folder of entity to clone: the generated folder, example `foo`
- relative path of output folder: where you want to copy the data inside the folder app, example `search`
- role that can access the UI: example `ROLE_ADMIN`

Expected output:
- update the parent module importing the new module `FooModule`
- create `foo.module.ts` 
- create `foo.route.ts`
- create `foo.component.ts`
- create `foo.component.html`
- update `navbar.html`

## Run the Application
starts the application
````
npm run serve (npm start)
````

## Develop

Observations:

- During development, we use both `npm run watch-ts` (recompiles application on source changes) and `npm run watch-node` (restarts application on recompilation). `npm run dev` will add Source and Out folder for us.
- `npm run build-ts` only compiles the application
- `npm run serve` (`npm start`) only starts the application

To develop, we run:

```
npm run watch-ts
```

and in a separate terminal we run:
````
npm run watch-node
````
you can set [`projectFolder`,`outputFolder`,`role`,`entityFolder`] environment variables in order to skip some of prompts.
````
projectFolder=/Users/alessandrodonateo/dev/elif/wp-monolith-svc/src/main/webapp/app outputFolder=search role=ROLE_ADMIN entityFolder=client npm run watch-node
````
